PRIVACY POLICY
knowledge hub.net is a news portal of Eenadu Digital, a division of Ushodaya Enterprises Private Limited, aimed at providing latest news and current affairs apart from infotainment, through its web edition and Eenadu e-Paper. We understand the importance of your right to privacy, hence have elicited the below privacy statement with regard to the information we collect from you. We use a secure server for all payments you make online to Eenadu Digital, in order to protect the credit card information of our clients and Cookies are used to store the login information. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please email to us on privacypolicy@eenadu.net.

eenadu.net provides a user-friendly platform for our members to access our content. To be able to use enadu.net, members create their own unique profiles or use their Facebook or Gmail accounts to access our content.

The information gathered from eenadu.net members is shared with any individual or organization only with the consent of the member. Members registering on eenadu.net shall be automatically consenting for receiving calls or Text Messages from eenadu.net.

Except where members are expressly informed, eenadu.net does not sell, rent, or loan any identifiable information at the individual level regarding its customers to any third party. All information provided by members is held with the utmost care and security. However, eenadu.net is also bound to cooperate fully should a situation arise where we are required by law or legal process to provide information about a customer.

To extend the benefits and services on eenadu.net, we may tie-up with third parties/partners with whom we may share your personal information as may be necessary.

What information we collect about you:

We may collect and process different types of information about you. Some of this data is considered to be Personal Data (that means you can be identified by it including Sensitive Personal Data) and Anonymous Data (that is data that you cannot be identified from).

1.)   Information we collect if and when you sign up for any of our Services:

We may seek and collect your personal details including but not limited to your real name, user name, address, telephone, email address, date of birth, race, religion, sexual orientation and any other information you submit when you create a profile and sign up to our Services

2.)    If members wish to subscribe for paid services with us to, we collect; information such as a billing address, a credit card number and a credit card expiration date and tracking information from DDs this information collected from members is NOT shared: The information collected from any of our members is not shared with any individual or organization without the formers approval.

3.)   If you provide feedback to us, or take part in any customer survey, or participate in competitions we, we will keep any information you provide.

4.)   Information we collect from partner networks that you use

Some of our Services have the ability to link your use of the Services to other social networks you might have access to. If you have an account with another social network e.g. Facebook, you can share the data you have on our site with that network. To enhance your experience and create a personalized service we may ask you to login to your Facebook account. By doing so you grant us access to your information stored on your Facebook profile including without limitation your personal information, photographs, videos, interests and locations. When you login to the other network or install our app, we will receive the basic information from you including but not limited to your name, photos, gender, networks, user ID, friends list and any other information you make public and your email address. If you have logged into other social networks and linked them to any of our profiles you grant permission for us to post updates, including location information, on your behalf therefore please exercise caution. You can turn off location data.

Location Data:

Ushodaya may store your information about your location (“Location Data”), which may be used to provide, where necessary and possible, location specific features and Services and/or to improve and customize current Services.

You can enable or disable location services when you use the Service at any time, through your device settings.

How you can review, update, get a copy or delete your data:

You can review and update your information at any time by going to your account management page. If you want to delete or get a copy of your data on our site and/or Mobile Apps, send a mail to epapersupport@eenadu.net.  We will do that with immediate effect.

How we use your information:

We process data we collect from you for the following core purposes:

1.)   To administer your browsing activity with us (including notifying you of any announcements, updates, special offers or services, should you consent to this);

2.)   To help us improve the structure, layout and usability of the Services;

3.)   To allow you to participate in any future interactive features of the Services (including the features that require the mobile phone number);

4.)   To help personalize your repeat visits to and usage of the Services;

5.)   To provide you with information on products or services or news and offers that you request from us;

6.)   To answer any questions you may raise or respond to any comments you may send to us;

7.)   To notify you about changes to our service or the functionality of the Site;

8.)   To carry out market analysis and research;

9.)   To ensure that you are complying with the terms and conditions of use and to comply with our statutory and regulatory obligations.

 

When we are called upon disclose your information to third parties and why

 

We may be required by law e.g. through potential or actual litigation, court order, public or governmental authorities, or rules and regulations within or out with your country of residence to disclose all or part of your information to third parties. We may also deem it necessary to make such a disclosure in the event of an issue of national security, law enforcement or other such similar situations as we deem necessary including, for example, allegations of alleged infringement of copyright, trademarks or other third parties’ rights by users. We share your personal information with our partner service providers in order to provide their Services to you including those parties who assist us with information processing, credit and payment processing, fulfillment of your subscription order, managing and hosting data, conducting consumer research or satisfaction surveys. These disclosures relate to providing our Services, improving our Services and delivering targeted advertising to you. We do not provide your contact details to third parties for direct marketing by them to you.

 

Links to external websites:

eenadu.net may contain links to external websites. Please be aware that eenadu.net does not control the content of such sites and/or the privacy policy of such external sites and shall not be responsible for the privacy practices of external Web sites. We request you to be fully aware of this when you leave eenadu.net. Do read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.

This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by eenadu.net

 

Cookies on eenadu.net:

Cookies on eenadu.net are used to deliver various services and keep track of your personal preferences. If you do not want cookies to collect information on eenadu.net, most browsers contain a function that allows a user to deny cookies on websites. Alternatively you can also delete all cookie files on your computer. Please note that disabling the cookie feature on your browser or deleting cookie files from your computer will render you unable to access certain features on eenadu.net, as the use of cookies is a necessary part of the eenadu.net net technology. eenadu.net uses cookies only to:

Provide its services
Deliver content specific to your interests
Save your password (so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit different pages on our site) and for other purposes.
Please note: Cookies are used only to recollect information sent to your computer from eenadu.net. We CANNOT access any information not sent by eenadu.net. Some of our partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).

However, we have no access to or control over these cookies. Changes in eenadu.net privacy policy: UEPL reserves right to amend the privacy policy of eenadu.net. Users are advised to periodically check our privacy policy for any amends.

Any sensitive information (such as a credit card number) provided during registration/order process information, is encrypted and is protected with the standard encryption software in the industry - SSL as practiced by respective Payment Gateway.

Apart from using SSL encryption, eenadu.net takes every measure in its power to protect sensitive information Some of the staff members at eenadu.net are granted access to such personally identifiable information, needed for performing specific tasks (for example, a billing clerk or a customer service representative.)

You are encouraged to reach out to us, in case of any genuine grievance relating to content. Please provide the following information in your complaint:

1. Full name along with postal residential address, a valid email id and cell phone number.

2. Title & date/link of news report, article or content which is the subject matter of the complaint including identification of information provided by you.

3. Clear Statement as to whether the information is personal or sensitive personal information.

4. Specify what supporting documents if any are relied upon and attached.

5. A declaration that whatever information and/or documents are submitted with the complaint is true, complete and current in all respects and nothing therein is false.

6. A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notice is accurate, and that the information being complained about belongs to you.



The company shall not be responsible for any communication, if addressed, to any non designated person in this regard.

Please note that complaint must be from someone personally and directly affected by the matter which forms the subject matter of the complaint. It must not be vexatious, trivial or argumentative.

 